Update modifiers related sections to be accurate to what we've been able to do since 3.25 (#1829)
ember-learn/guides-source: guides/release/components/template-lifecycle-dom-and-modifiers.md

If you want to set a property, you can use the `prop` element modifier.

## Calling Methods On Render

So far, we've talked about web APIs that work by setting attributes as well as web APIs that work by setting properties. But what about web APIs that work by calling methods, like setting focus on an element? 

For example, let's say we want to focus an `<input>` in a form as soon as the form is rendered. The web API for focusing an element is:

```js
inputElement.focus();
```

We can use a modifier to run a method immediately after an element has rendered.
To follow along with the examples below, make sure you have `ember-modifier` installed in your app:

```

> npx ember install ember-modifier

Author: whoops, this should be ember-cli

this package: https://www.npmjs.com/package/ember
only prints this message: https://github.com/emberjs/ember/blob/master/index.js

and doesn't actually do anything.
Would be great if `ember` were configured as a bin that delegated to `npx ember-cli`

Reviewer: Oh right, thank you. I will change it to use global ember for now.

> npx ember install ember-modifier

Author: ```suggestion
npx ember-cli install ember-modifier
```

inputElement.focus();
```

> This code needs to run after the element is rendered, and modifiers provided that capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can use a modifier to run a method immediately after an element has rendered.
In this example, we add an `autofocus` method to the component class, and use it in a template:
```

```handlebars {app/components/edit-form.hbs}
<form>
  <input {{this.autofocus}}>
</form>
```

Here we define a local modifier right on the component class.

```js {app/components/edit-form.js}
import Component from '@glimmer/component';
import { modifier } from 'ember-modifier';

export default class EditFormComponent extends Component {
  autofocus = modifier((element) => element.focus());
}

> ```

Reviewer: I think we should swap the order, putting the modifier declaration first. The reason is that sometimes devs new to Ember copy-paste the first half of examples and expect it to work, then get confused when they see a ton of errors.

> More information about `ember-modifier` can be found [on the README](https://github.com/ember-modifier/ember-modifier) as well as philosophy, how to think about modifiers, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modifiers can be used in many other ways! For API documentation and more examples, visit the [the `ember-modifier` README](https://github.com/ember-modifier/ember-modifier).
```

### Abstracting the Logic Into a Shareable Modifier

> Using the local modifier sworks well for one-off cases, but if you want to pull this logic into reusable functionality that you can use throughout your app, you can move the modifier to a globally accessible place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writing a modifier in a component class works well for one-time use cases, but if you want to reuse the modifier in other places within your app, you can move the modifier to a globally accessible place.
```
